+++
author = "Daniel Welsh"
title = "Fresh Beginnings | Feb 03"
date = "2021-02-03"
description = "Blog Post"
+++

# First Blog Post - What I am currently working / spending time on in Feb 2021.

## First Journal Entry

Today is the day that I start writing and keeping track of my life. I will aim to write something everyday.

I will start adding to this list as we go through everything. I may even try to add and track monthly / weekly goals on the below.

Potentially adding in daily summaries of the below items.. It shouldn't be too hard to copy and paste a template each day.

## Motorcycle Course Completion

I have just completed two days of my motorbike course with my instructor Russel. Russel was a strange human-being, however he was entertaining and served his purpose. Highlight of the course was getting my licence and I suppose just experiencing something new. A lowlight was getting 9 questions wrong in the knowledge test and having to come back at 7:00 and re-doing the test for $45. It was also highly embarassing and hurt my ego a fair bit...

Jordan offered to lend me his DRX650, however his rego is out and I am going to have to book in a vic roads appointment and sort that out myself. That, or buy my own bike, which I don't really want to do at this moment.

## 8 Week Challenge - Bodyfit.

Today also marks the first serious day of the 8 week challenge at bodyfit. I'm going to try hard at losing the 5kgs and get as fit as I can for the triathlon in a 4 week.

## First ever Triathlon - Barwon Heads Triathlon.

I have signed up for my first ever triathlon on the 28th Feb. I probably should have time speed / time goals.

## Eat the rich

Jordan Parker has started an "Eat the Rich" group which will focus on programattic trading. Hopefully this group will flourish into some v nice gainz.

## Codabunga

I have started a little coding website for Gina Welsh and I. We will hopefully use the site to be able to post up little projects as they come along.

## Tom Crowns Crypto

I have joined a monthly patreon where I will be learning about trading cryptos at a more sophisticated level. There will be one-on-one sessions as well as daily live streams. I plan to trade crypto as a semi full-time thing until I make some gainz.

I need to set up a target income / money stream so that I don't lose out in the long-run.

## Clouru Designs

I have started a front-end design company. My first client was Oakleigh Foundation - Supporting Indigenous Australian Education.
I was only able to make the website using Squarespace - I would like to redesign it using Kirby once I have the ability and time to do so.

## Clouru Consulting

I need to start working on the Clouru Cloud Consulting side of this. I know that this will make me money in the long run as a good source of income - this will provide me with the cashflow that I need.

## Cloud costing App

- set up domains
- set up front end webpage.

## Meditation

I am restarting my meditation practice. This will become a daily thing.

## Habit tracker

I have set up a habit tracker for most of my habits using google sheets. It is working really well as it keeps in the loop of what is in and out of habit.

## Chess

I have started to get a real love for chess even though I am very poor at it. I need to stop cheating with stockfish. It is doing nothing but be a detriment to the game. It is giving me false confidence and it means that I am not learning the fundamentals correctly. I need to learn patience as well as learn some key openings and roll with them.

## Reading

I am aiming to read 30 mins of a fictional type book each day. I am also aiming to read 30 min of the economist each day.

## Early waking up time.

5:00am wake up time has been fantastic as a daily starter. It means that I get up earlier than chrissy and don't lie in bed.

## Intermittent Fasting

I have been starting to get back into intermittent fasting to help with my goal of losing weight. It has worked in the past and so I will try to stick with it again.

## Using devices just before bed.

I have time and time again proved to myself that I will have a shit sleep if i'm on my devices within an hour of sleeping. This needs to stop. I will need to make sure that I read in bed before hand.
