+++
author = "Daniel Welsh"
title = "Questioning My Process | Feb 04"
date = "2021-02-04"
draft = false
description = "Blog Post"
+++

## Intro - 04 Feb 2021

Yesterday was a pretty good day.... it was the first time that I wrote on this page, so i'm proud of that.

I am needing to get a kick-on with my income strategy. I can't rely on pure crypto money... or can I???

I am definitely struggling with organisation of what I need to do in the best way possible.

One plan that I thought of in the shower was that I recreate the Oakleigh website with kirby and do that for a few websites so that I can add them to my portfolio. Then get on Upwork and figure out what is in demand.

It would be nice to just gamble the fact that I might be able to double of triple my current crypto investment and just focus on:

    - Cloud Costing Tool
        - Need to get the credentials first
    - Eat the Rich
        - could be massive potential with trading strategies with smart people.

#### Yesterday

    5:00 - woke up, was super tired and went to the gym
    6:15 - came home and was watching live stream til aroumnd 7 and was continously wondering why I wasn't get more gains.
    8:00 - did a little bit of fixing up of the website.
    9-5p - was on the computer, looking at trading, chess and some random shit.... lol what a weird day.
    5:00 - Went for a pretty good run, felt solid. I was running down the stairs and wind was so windy that my hat flew off and I had to keep chasing my hat up the stairs.
    5:30 - went to shops and picked up food for dinner - this was when I started getting salty at chrissy, really set the mood for the remainder of the evening.
    8:00 - watched a movie with chrissy, was the #1 on netflix called the little things. was an action movie which was a bit of a feel good and I really enjoyed it.
    10:00 - went to bed and read til about 11:00. Slept well.

#### Wins from Yesterday

    1. ) Started writing my journal
    2. ) Went for a run in prep of the triathlon.

#### Losses from Yesterday

    1. ) Chrissy really annoyed me yesterday... not too sure why, I think it was because she was being rude to me, but I was also being oversensitive.  I still am very unsure on the long run of this relationship. She just doesnt excite me .. :/ But I do care for her dearly... I'm not sure that I love her, which is saying something. I really wanted to go to Bali.. :(

    2. ) I didn't focus enough on building my skills. I can't say / remember that I learned anything significant.
