+++
author = "Daniel Welsh"
title = "variable summers day"
date = "2021-02-04"
draft = false
description = "Blog Post"
+++

#### Yesterday

**5:00** - Went to the gym - was pretty good, balance was pretty easy, some abs, which is good.

**6:15** - chrissy ended up leaving and I had a day to myself, it was a pretty good morning. I cleaned up the place and had my if it takes two minutes, then do it mind set. I did the dishes and washing early which set me up for a positive morning.

**8:00** - I was on the computer, listened to Tom Crowns stream while tinkering around on the internet. Wasn't that productive on Clouru Stuff. I REALLY need to get into it. However, life is looking pretty good right now, I just need to get cracking.

**11:00** - Got picked up by Gus who was knocking on the neighbours door which was pretty funny... I should have given him the house number of the one that was getting demolished.

**1:00** - Surf at 13 with Gus and Paddy was pretty fun, Gus is getting much more open with me, both of them had pretty good energy.

**1:30** - demolished a shit load of food, I was Huuuungry

**2:00** - Tapped away at the keyboard some more being unproductive as usual until I played a few games of chess with cal. I cheated though..... He is definitely better than me, I will need to practice some more so I don't get whooped in real life.

**6:00** - Cal was honking out in the street waiting for me. It was pretty avg surf at winki but i caught a few waves, and this cutie in there dropped in on me.

**7:00** - cooked up some pretty nice tuna fried rice and then demolished some choccy. I shouldn't have done that.

**8:00** - while cleaning up I ended up slicing my finger on the blender... such a noob... went to bed, read some more barbarian days and fell asleep at 9:30.

#### Wins from Yesterday

    1.) Good surf with paddy and Gus.
    2.) learning to be less emotional about trading, and just trusting my set ups.

#### Losses from Yesterday

    1.) Not as productive in Clouru as I wanted to be... I'm getting nervous about a solid income stream.
    2.) same as yesterday - I didn't focus enough on building my skills. I can't say / remember that I learned anything significant.
    3.) Didn't meditate. I have to make sure to keep that up, that one is important.
    4.) I'm slipping out of the economist habit. This needs to be done each morning after meditation.
    5.) cut my finger from being careless.
    6.) cheated in chess against a friend.
