+++
author = "Daniel Welsh"
title = "The day I got REKd"
date = "2021-02-09"
draft = false
description = "Blog Post"
+++

#### Today

So I have learned a lot over this past weekend and beginning of week. It's back to the drawing board. I really need to set myself up properly if I want to make this a long term thing.

I got way too greedy and start doing some stupidly crazy all in trades. from this mistake I ended up missing out on a potential 10k. But I can't think like that and have to start from where I am. From the moment.

There are lessons to take here and I am going to learn from them as best I can.

#### Lessons

1.) Be humble and don't get greedy. Don't try and beat the market - you will get rekd. You're already up significantly and you will be able to slowly chip away at everything. You have enough runway now to get something going. Use this time wisely.

2.) I need to continue to build a solid plan. This is a daily, weekly and monthly plan. Followed by 6 monthly and yearly.

3.) Diversify your portfolio, everything else is greed and gambling. I will be putting more money into moonshots like Egold style gains. Hopefully I can get them. It is not the end of the world if I don't. There will be opportunities like this all throughout life. Make sure you build the toolset to be able to spot them, as well as an income to be able to invest in them.

4.) Chasing the pumps is adrenaline seeking and creates unrealistic expectation with increasing % investment. It is much better to have a solid income and do DCA.

5.) The emotional stress is tiresome. I need use that energy on improving my skillset. Future income is crucial here - spend a limited amount of time trading - most of time working on skillset. This is what will enable you to get to Bali and have a prosperous career.
